fix terraform clean bugs (#870)
cloudposse/atmos: website/docs/cli/commands/terraform/terraform-clean.mdx

atmos terraform clean <component> -s <stack> [--skip-lock-file] [--everything] [--force]

:::warning

> The `clean` default behavior and will delete all Terraform-related files including state files, with a confirmation prompt before proceeding. The `--force` flag will bypass confirmation prompts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `clean` command, by default, deletes all Terraform-related files, including local state files, but will prompt for confirmation before proceeding. Using the `--force` flag skips the confirmation prompt and executes the deletion immediately.
```

> The `--everything` flag is the default behavior and will delete all Terraform-related files including state files, with a confirmation prompt before proceeding. The `--force` flag will bypass confirmation prompts.

Reviewer: We have changed it so `atmos terraform clean` with no arguments, cleans everything but prompts the user. 

The previous behavior was to error, and print usage. 

We added the `--everything` flag,  but then decided to default it. I guess we can remove the flag.

> The `--everything` flag is the default behavior and will delete all Terraform-related files including state files, with a confirmation prompt before proceeding. The `--force` flag will bypass confirmation prompts.

Author: I removed --everything flag

Use these flags with extreme caution as they can lead to irreversible data loss.

> :::

Author: not correct we use confirm message message before delete files
